@2025-09-04 Settling into Newton. First day of classes
I arrived in Newton last Saturday, and have been setting
things up for the long haul. I finally have enough of a
workstation to get started.

@08:24 settling in, setting up knowledge
Today is my first day at my desk. Getting this ready
to watch lecture videos. I am behind.

@08:34 now, where was I
#! dz coursera/algos1/news
we are behind on problems. my percolation assignment is
very overdue.
---
For module 3, I watched the video, but I did not take any
notes. Or at least, I didn't seem to transcribe anything
for the knowledge graph.

@08:47 ugh. I need to see my messages. tool mind strikes again
#! dz coursera/algos1/news
Given a node, list the messages associated with that node.
---
Infrastructure pains. How do I get these logs built with
just this knowledge graph. I guess for now we can't. Seems
to build quickly enough.
---
logzet can build all my logs, apparently. That's cool.
Now to figure out how to get the query right.
---
Uh-oh. Entries only have a date, but no time.
---
Got a query readable enough for now. Going to turn this
into a script.

@09:28 how many days? #longwalk #timelog:00:29:00
I think it's hard to understand time.
---
I am beginning a journey. A long one. Well, it feels long
right now. This is the start. The end is somewhere around
2027. At that point, I will have finished up this masters
degree, and with any luck, will have found some stability.
---
I was going to call this "The Long Haul", but that's a little
cliche. I'm going to call this thing "The Long Walk". I like
walking. Also, these things take one step at a time. That's
really the only way to think about it without going insane.
One step at a time. But also walking towards a horizon.
---
I figured endpoint could be September 1st, 2027. I've written
a little script to calculate the days until then. 726 days.
That's about 103 weeks. I'm hoping on average to pump out
about 4 hours a day of work, 6 days a week. So, that's about
2,472 hours. Let's round that down to 2400 hours to give
some breathing room. That's 2400 * 60 minutes is 1.44 * 10^5
minutes, which is 8.64 * 10^6 seconds.
---
I unfortunately did not start timing things yet, but I guess
I should. I want these hours logged.

@10:18 setting up my note-taking spot #timelog:00:15:00

@10:34 Percolation #timelog:01:29:21
#! dz coursera/algos1/modules/02_union_find/percolation_assignment
There are two classes to fill out. One models a percolation
system. The other runs that model several times and performs
statistics.
---
Might be best to go bottoms-up.
---
Setting up some test code. Looks like there's an option main()
function that you can use to write little test functions.
---
There's also a PercolationVisualizer class? Seems to be
included. It is not mentioned in the assignment.
---
I am not going to worry about that one. I think I have
enough in place coding-wise that I can just think about
the problem itself again.
---
Got some initial code working for the Percolation. As
a sanity check, I made sure all closed wouldn't percolate,
and all open would percolate. With any luck, this should
be the implementation. What I'll have to do now is
set up the PercolationStats program, and check and see
if it works.
